It's spring.
I've graduated from high school,
and start my job today!
And can you believe it? I'll be working at-
A game company!
I'm Suzukaze Aoba.
Nice to meet you.
The day I become an adult has finally come!
All right!
Wait, can I really just walk in?
Hey, stop that!
Just kidding.
This is a business, so children aren't allowed to enter.
I-I'm sorry.
No, that's not it!
I'm Suzukaze Aoba, and I'll be working at Eagle Jump.
Nice to meet you!
Oh, you're a new employee?
I'm sorry, I just assumed...
No, I'm sorry, too.
I'm Suzukaze Aoba.
Have you heard that I'll be joining the company?
Suzukaze...
Yeah, I've heard!
We're on the same team.
I'm Toyama Rin, the AD.
Nice to meet you.
There's a pro standing right in front of me!
U-Um, it must be tough being an AD.
They're on TV all the time and have
so many different tasks to handle.
They seem really busy.
Oh, my AD isn't for "Assistant Director", it's for "Art Director".
So my job is to manage all of the visuals.
I'm so sorry!
No, it's fine!
meguri megutte everyone
めぐりめぐって EVERYONE
Round and around, everyone
nanika ga matteiru no ka na (hai!)
何かが待っているのかな　（はい！）
Something might be waiting for us (Yeah!)
tsuyoku nareru sou kimi wa
強くなれるそうきみは
You can become strong
hitori ja nai yo STAND UP★
一人じゃないよ STAND UP★
You're not alone, stand up★
nanige nai you na asa ga kita
何気ないような朝が来た
Morning has casually come along
ofuton ga itoshii na
おふとんがいとしいな
It's so nice in my bed
tanoshii ichinichi ni naru yo
楽しい1日になるよ
Today will be a fun day
hashiridashisou (yoshi!)
走り出しそう　（よし！）
Let's get going (All right!)
tooi hibi kawatteta keshiki
遠い日々変わってた景色
After many days, the scenery changes
saataisetsu na basho te ni iretara
さぁ大切な場所手に入れたら
If you've acquired a special place
One two three four! sei, no!
ONE TWO THREE FOUR！ せーの！
One two three four! Ready and!
meguri megutte everyone
めぐりめぐって EVERYONE
Round and around, everyone
nanika ga matteiru hazu da (hai!)
何かが待っているはずだ　（はい！）
Something is surely waiting for us! (Yeah!)
tsuyoku nareru yo hitori ja nai
強くなれるよ一人じゃない
You can be strong, you're not alone
imagination koeyou!
イマジネーション超えよう！
Go beyond your imagination!
meguri meguru yo everyday
めぐりめぐるよ EVERYDAY
Go around and around, everyday
yuuki wo motto tsukandara (yay!)
勇気をもっと つかんだら　（イェーイ！）
If you grab onto some more courage (Yay!)
egao wo gyutto tsumekonde
笑顔をぎゅっと詰め込んで
Pack it into your smile
atsui kimochi de notte ikou!
熱いキモチでのって行こう
And get going with warm feelings
This is your desk.
Oh, would you like something to drink?
Sure, I'd like some orang-
No, wait, I'm a business woman starting today!
Coffee. Black.
I'm glad she seems so nice.
And now I'll get to work!
I'm exhau...
I can't take it...
A-A monster?
P-Panties?!
Pa-PaPaPa-Pa-PaPa-
A middle schooler?
Why is there a child here?
I'm not a child!
Oh, you're awake?
Rin, who is this?
This is Suzukaze Aoba-san. She's starting today.
Would you like mine?
Thanks.
Huh. Which team is she-
There's no sugar in this!
Oh, sorry, I mixed them up.
Let's trade!
You act really grown up.
You drink it black?
I'm an adult, after all.
I can handle this much.
Obviously you can't!
So, how old are you?
Eighteen.
Oh?
So you joined after graduating from high school.
That's rare.
But you don't even look old enough to be a high schooler.
W-What about you?
How old are you?
How old do I look?
What should I do?
I can't just say something random.
That's-
A Fairies Story poster!
Oh, you know it?
It's the first game I was involved with.
I was addicted to it back in grade school!
That's how I found out about this company...
A-A-A-A...
Are you over thir-
I'm not that old!
I'm 25.
I also joined after graduating from high school.
Um, I'm sorry.
You don't need to worry about it.
By the way...
How old do I look?
23...?
We're the same age!
She's a good girl.
B-But I'm so moved!
The people who made the game I loved so much as a child are right in front of me!
I especially loved the character design.
In that case, Yagami Ko here created the character designs for Fairies Story.
You're Yagami-sensei?!
Your attitude suddenly changed...
And Yagami is your boss now,
so I hope the two of you get along.
I-I'll do my betht!
Oh, she messed it up.
F-Forget about that!
I quickly introduced myself to the team and then got to work.
Apparently I'm the only new employee this year.
It makes me feel a bit dismayed.
No, no! Stop being so negative, Aoba!
I've got to start by making friends with my neighbours!
Um-
I can't!
I guess that pose will work.
What's with this company?!
Is the person who sits there not here today?
Good morning.
Good morning!
U-Um!
I'm Suzukaze Aoba, and I started working here today.
Takimoto Hifumi.
Nice to meet you.
Are you also part of the character team, Takimoto-san?
I-I'm sorry...
What should I do...
I don't feel like I'll be able to make friends with any of them!
Eh?
Why's there a cat in the office?
You're so cute.
Oh, there you are.
So you came all the way over here to play?
You're the new employee, Suzukaze Aoba-kun, right?
I apologise for my little one.
Oh, no.
You're cute.
I'm the director of the game this team is making, Haduki Shizuku.
O-Oh! Nice to meet you!
That cat...
Her name is Mozuku.
I bring her with me once in a while.
If I leave her at home every day,
she gets bored and causes trouble, you see.
Haduki-san.
I've been looking for you.
Oh, Umiko-kun.
Do you need something?
The meeting has already started.
Ah, oh no.
Well, please don't get angry.
You'll get wrinkles if you do.
Sorry, sorry!
Now, let's get going.
Everyone's waiting.
In that case, Suzukaze-kun,
do your best.
S-Sure...
The director doesn't seem very important.
A company message?
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
Sorry about earlier!
Hifumi
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
I'm not very good at talking.
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something, feel free to ask!
Also, you can call me Hifumi （＾ω＾）
Also, you can call me Hifumi.
Hifumi-senpai!
Hey, newbie!
Oh, coming!
Have you worked with 3D before?
Um, I don't really know anything beyond drawing...
All right.
That's fine.
Well then, I want you to start by doing chapter one of this reference book.
Okay!
Well, get to it.
Huh?
That's all?
What should I do?
I'm already lost.
But who can I ask?
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hifumi
Sorry about earlier!
I'm not very good at talking.（。＞＿＜。）
I'm also on the character team,
so if you need help with something,
feel free to ask!
Um...
Hifumi-senpai.
Could I ask you a question?
Um...
Hifumi-senpai!
Huh?
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Ko@IWantToGoHomeAtClosingTime
Behind you! Behind you!
Um...
What are they doing?!
Is there... something you need help with?
Eh? Ah, yes.
But I figured it out after thinking about it!
Another company message came.
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Ko@IWantToGoHomeAtClosingTime
I think it would be better to
ask Hifumi questions through messages!
I think it would be better to ask Hifumi questions through messages!
Yagami-san!
All right!
Send!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Sorry about earlier.
As for my question,
the reference book says you can hide all objects
other than the selected one,
I'm sorry about earlier.
As for my question, the reference book says
you can hide all objects other than the selected one,
but I can't find that toolbox.
Where is it?
You don't need to do that.
Just use the Ctrl+H hotkey
Just use the Ctrl+H hotkey.
That has solved my problem.
That has solved my problem. I'm grateful.
Thank you very much.
I'm grateful. Thank you very much.
No problem.
No problem.  But you don't need to
use such stiff language! Smile! Smile!
But you don't need to use such stiff language! Smile! Smile!
Eh? But I'm a newbie...
It's okay! We're all pretty casual around here,
so it shouldn't be a problem. （ゝω・）
It's okay!
We're all pretty casual around here, so it shouldn't be a problem.
Well, then... Thank you!
Well, then... Thank you !
...like that?
...like that? (sweat)
Well, then... Thank you !
Good.
I...
I think I can get along here!
I got a message from Aoba.
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Shining Aoba
I'm making my way through the part
of the book you instructed me to.
It's simple （＊`ω´）b
I'm making my way through the part of the book you instructed me to.
It's simple.
She was influenced really fast!
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Yagami Ko
Good work.
Could you come to my desk?
I'd like to teach you a few things,
including how to use the messaging system.
Good work.
Could you come to my desk?
I'd like to teach you a few things,
including how to use the messaging system.
I-I'm so sorry!
Have a bit of discretion.
m 0 0 l 0 42 l 69 42 l 69 0 l 0 0
Hazime Unit 1
Yun, you're her senpai,
so shouldn't you invite Suzukaze-san to lunch?
Yun, you're her senpai, so shouldn't you invite Suzukaze-san to lunch?
I don't mind inviting her,
but why don't you do it?
I don't mind inviting her, but why don't you do it?
You do it, Yun!
You're her senpai,
but you're such a coward!
You're her senpai, but you're such a coward!
Suzukaze-san, want to go have lunch?
Me, too! Me, too!
Um, what about Hifumi-senpai?
Oh, Hifumi-senpai never has lunch...
Want to come with us today?
S-Sorry...
Oh, sorry for causing you trouble.
But...
I'd like to sometime!
Aoba... chan...
I-I'll go after all!
Aoba! Let's have lunch toge-
She's not here?
W-What's wrong?
Sorry for the late introduction.
I'm Iizima Yun, from the character team.
She joined at the same time I did.
I'm Shinoda Hazime, from the animation team.
Nice to meet'cha!
...you.
I can't do it!
This is the first time I've had a kouhai!
And it's the first time we've met!
You don't need to worry about that.
You're my senpai, after all!
Shinoda-senpai.
Senpai?!
That kind of gives me goosebumps,
so just call me Hazime.
Okay, then, Hazime-san.
You can call me Aoba, too.
Yeah, nice to meet you, Aoba... san.
Wait, is that strange?
She kept bugging me on the company
message system to invite you to lunch!
Hey! Don't talk about that!
It's fine.
You're nervous about having your first kouhai, aren't you?
You are too, though, Yun!
Hazime was interested in the conversation you had with Hifumi-senpai earlier, Aoba-chan.
I told you not to talk about that!
Thank goodness.
They all seem like nice people.
All right, I'll keep working!
But before that, I'm heading to the bathroom.
Toilet, toilet, going to the toilet, toile-
Y-Yagami-san!
W-What are you doing?
I went to the bathroom, but don't have an employee ID,
so the door wouldn't open!
Ah, yeah, the toilet is outside the office, after all.
Aside from getting in and out of the office, if you don't have an employee ID,
you won't be able to punch in and punch out.
It's rather irresponsible for management to have forgot that.
Oh, Ko-chan.
Did you take the picture for Aoba-chan's employee ID?
Huh?
I asked you to do that this morning, didn't I?
Oh.
I'll go take it right now!
Stand by that wall.
O-Okay!
Hey, while you're free to dress however you like here...
Why are you wearing a school uniform?
Oh, come on.
It's not a school uniform; it's a suit.
It's a fundamental part of being a business person.
Doesn't look like one.
Well, at least learn the proper way to wear a suit.
Whoa
The suit doesn't go with her childlike face at all!
Well, whatever.
I heard the voice inside your head just now!
Well, let's get this taken care of.
There's not enough light.
Hazime, lend me some lights.
Huh?
I don't have any lights.
Sure you do.
That light-up sword.
This is looking good!
Now then, just wait for it to be finished.
I see.
You couldn't get back in.
Yeah. I had no idea what to do.
I was about to cry.
Sounds like it was rough.
Why not have some snacks and relax a bit?
Amazing!
Hifumi-senpai,
would you like to have a snack?
Hifumi-senpai, would you like to have a snack?
I'd love to!
I brought some candy today! （`ω´　）
I brought some candy today!
Here.
Aoba-chan, you're studying 3D right now?
Yes.
I want to learn it quickly so I can start working.
When does the game you're making now go on sale?
When was it?
In half a year.
Rumour has it that we're about to
enter the frighteningly busy period.
-be able to-
We won't be able to... go home...
Saying it like that isn't helping!
But Yagami-san is already staying overnight, isn't she?
Is it because she's the leader?
It might be better to say she lives at the office.
She's amazing.
She does the workload of several people by herself.
If only her personality weren't like that!
Aoba, sorry for the wait.
Here's your employee ID.
It feels like I've really joined the company!
Well, you joined quite a while back...
It's important to take breaks,
but the work day isn't over yet, so hurry up and get back to work.
Okay.
So, how far have you progressed, Aoba?
Ah, well!
This far!
Oh, pretty fast.
Once you get a bit further, I'll give you some work, so I'll be counting on you.
You can learn the harder stuff through experience.
Okay!
How's Aoba-chan doing?
She catches on pretty quickly, which is really nice.
I've got high expectations for her.
I'll do my best!
But-
Before that, I'm heading to the bathroom.
To-ToToTo-Toilet-huh?
Yagami-san!
Good work, everyone.
Yagami-san, you're not staying overnight tonight?
I won't last if I keep staying every night.
And Rin will get mad at me.
Rin-san gets mad?
She occasionally gets mad a lot.
Graphic Designer
Which is it?
How was your first day?
Do you have any questions?
Y-Yeah!
Um...
There's an important thing I haven't asked.
Sure, ask away.
The new game our team is making-
What is it called?
No one told you?
Now that you mention it...
We never said it, either, huh?
The third instalment of Fairies Story.
I...
...decided I wanted to be a character designer because of that game!
I'll do my best!
Thank you!
I'm so tired.
Fairies Story 3.
Nenecchi
Oh, it's Nenecchi.
Aocchi!
Hey, did you hear?!
They're making a Moon Ranger movie!
Eh? What's that?
I've never heard of it.
It's a popular anime!
It was worth being a fan for so long!
When it hits theatres, let's go together!
Sure, but I'm worn out now.
I'm hanging up. Goodnight.
Wait!
What?
I mean... I bet your first day at work was tough,
so I didn't want to make you talk about work at home, too.
No, it's fine.
Hey, listen!
Something amazing happened!
You know Yagami Ko-san, right?
The person who did the character design for Fairies Story.
I'm working with her now!
Eh?! That's amazing!
I'll do my best.
Do my best so that I can do work, too.
So we can make a new game.
{}
Aocchi! Are game companies really busy?
I don't know yet, Nenecchi.
But there was someone who stayed overnight at the office!
Maybe you encountered someone sleeping in nothing but their panties!
As if there's an adult who would do something like that!
Next time!
Next time
「This Is An Adult Drinking Party...」
"This Is An Adult Drinking Party..."